{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cochin;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A little black nose sticking out of the tall waving grass? What could it be?\
Here a whimper, there a whine. Out of the field and into the view comes a puppy with  tail a wagging.\
This puppy has lost his mom. Sad and alone he begins his search to find his family, his mom, and  his home.\
\
He searches left and searches right. Nothing there. But up ahead he sees a fence. As puppy waddles closer he begins to smell something very stinky. He looks in the fence and sees a big pink thing. This fat creature eats and oinks and is all covered in mud. \'93Are you my mom?\'94 The little puppy cries. The animal on the other side of the fence replies, \'93Of course not you silly dilly! I\'92m a pig! I don\'92t have furr and don\'92t have a black nose! I don\'92t have floppy ears and I don\'92t have long tail!\'94 \'93Now that I have answered you, leave me to my food and leave me alone!\'94\
\
So the puppy wonders on. Sad and alone onward he goes. Ahh in the distance he can see a large bowl of water. Puppy slowly approaches and as the scene comes into view He sees another creature. This one is something new! A long orange beak, wiggles back in forth with webbed feet. Strange hair too! What could it be? \'93Are you mom? I\'92m so lost please be my mom!\'94 With a quack and a snort he gets a response. \'93Quack, quack, quack!!! Of course I\'92m not your mom. Do I look like you and you look like me? I swim in the water and fly to be free. Can you swim and can you fly? I\'92m not your mom. I\'92m a duck!\'94\
\
Now the puppy is saddened and so unsure. He wonders off some more in quest for his mom. Over the hill he goes and into the open pasture. Ahh! There in the up ahead he can see a tall strong animal\'85. Surely this must be his mom? The puppy approaches and gripped with fear. Uncertain and confused he asks once more, \'93 Are you my mom? I\'92m hungry now. Please be my mom!\'94 The head turns and the head bobs. The eyes squint and the eyes widen. The mouth opens out comes, \'93Moooo! Mooo!\'94 \'93Now aren\'92t you a curious one. Now when I heard you speaking with the duck I heard a bark and a whimper.\'94 \'93Do I make sounds like that too?\'94 \'93No! Silly dog. What else could I be? I\'92m a cow! Now leave me alone before I decide to chase you back across the hills!\'94\
\
Undettered the puppy rambles on. Looking for mom. Looking for home. \
\
Horse\
\
Cat\
\
Instead finds dad that escorts him back to mom that is feeding his other brothers and sisters.\
\
\
\
End.}